# T-Spot

### **T-Spot**

This T-spot is shown by marking the 0.5 of CISD as shown in the Opposing candles section and the 0.5 of the Equilibrium as shown in the Equilibrium section.

[](.images/e87eaf40-3931-416c-a8aa-d85cc5cdce00.png)

[](.images/7b136f67-1074-4295-9cbe-d290abfaf800.png)

The T-spot is where we look for the higher timeframe wick to form.

- In a bearish scenario, look for price to open, form a high while respecting the T-spot, expand lower before forming a low and closing.
- In a bullish scenario, look for price to open, form a low while respecting the T-spot, expand higher before forming a high and closing.

The goal of the T-spot is to locate Fair value gap, high/low, or if neither are present, an opposing candle for price to react off of and form the higher time frame wick.

Lets go through an example

[](.images/7d0c0eed-79ce-4e97-3486-3d9192e02800.png)

Here marking out 0.5 of the CISD

[](.images/29d6d3a6-8ed4-4c63-6e12-b01ad0a83900.png)

Pairing this with the Equilibrium

[](.images/83e13959-85e8-4999-f4f4-d845e0104b00.png)

If they overlap, you can use the open of the current candle open to the overlap of the two, if they do not overlap, use the EQ only.

[](.images/318e8385-da9f-4c04-f99e-eeeaaac77000.png)

Once again, the goal is to search for a FVG, High, Low in the T-spot area. Only if there are neither will the CISD be used.

[](.images/fdf8582a-752c-49ae-ae18-53f491db8f00.png)

Generally speaking, there will not be overlap in a candle 4 continuation with the CISD. In this case, the T-spot is just the Equilibrium.

[](.images/f316a35c-179c-4859-2625-c930d8614a00.png)

As said above, the goal is to look for a point of interest in the T-spot to anticipate where the higher time frame candle will form its wick

[](.images/4e49a74a-7836-4802-b24f-fe1519459800.png)

> This is the end of the T-Spot lesson
>